toronto Italian brands symbol of the
quality of made in italy food
imitated used to produce e
commercialize salami cheeses on
Canadian market some examples reported
from the London company three different
Groups are mortadella ham
san daniele the friulano cheese
produced in Veneto the Veneto cheese
asiago in provolone and la
fontina typically Friulian products
protected in Italy but found in
Canada
let us now listen to the considerations
about these new discoveries of the
trading director of the marco group
macor ig
the first consideration is one
great surprise after a year of
work we started from the ham of
san daniele
we arrived at the san mortadella
daniele also crossing the frico the
provolone cheese under asiago
various shapes in a tray in the envelope the
Friulian to the mini Friulian well we think
that we have in this work year
seen almost everything from the point of view of the
cheeses
our business is also continuing
as for the wine the pasta ai
typical products of the made in Italy as
said a huge initial surprise
which thus puts us in a condition of
great reflection also because in
this time where many companies
have great difficulties to
export typical products
we are faced with these
operations that also from the point of view
geographically a case for all the famous
Friulian cheese represented with the
tower of pisa
here we are, according to us we have touched
really the bottom because not only
we have to talk about food and wine
we have to talk about cheeses we have to
talk about quality products
but we probably have to teach the
geography
I am convinced that the operations of
coarketing also for promotion
of the territory are extremely
important but in front of these products
in front of this image is the case of
immediately create a table where
authorities make their own part i
Consortia do their part to
companies do their part that is
all together never like now I play of
team becomes extremely important
to define what is made in Italy
if necessary, continue on this
street or even with the new market
with the new economic situation
presents now at the beginning of 2009 is not
the case of creating also a new road
mail and sel in italy ie to make known
the territory the product invite the
people to visit the cellars i
check dairies for yourself how
a product is born as it is produced
as it is then preserved it is also put
all these things for sale
normally around the world
we don't find them we find a product
that behind the Italian flag behind
the made in italy
normally to the name or in the case of
ham and mortadella san
daniele and there is also an image that
Gastronomy recalls Italianism but
it has nothing to do with products
original
that's why a scream right now
of alarm on this that can become
a big problem for the future
I know that many efforts have been made
even during the most but in this
moment must absolutely continue
on this road and be very united
in team play to be able to defend
the made in italy